Welcome everyone to the end of lesson five about AI services.
So, now we want to give you some assigned homework to do for this lesson.
So we want you to read about Rekognition,
Lex, Polly, and the Machine Learning AMI's.
And even though we kind of did a brief description of all of them,
they were pretty brief so we want you to go back to each of the web pages and
just kind of read over it and see how exactly they work behind the scenes.
You don't need to get too deep understandings,
just a general understanding of it.
And just for the Machine Learning AMI's specifically,
you just want to see what AMI's are out there and kind of what each one offers.
Like for example, the deep learning AMI's have a lot of libraries
or frameworks for machine learning preinstalled such as TensorFlow and Keras.
So, after you've played with all the services,
you should have a pretty good understanding of how to integrate it to your own projects.
So stay tuned for seeing how we integrate some of these services
into our own projects and some basic projects to show.